# StackOverFlow Tag Recommender app
The goal of this project was to recommend 5 tags which best represents a StackOverFlow question.

Model description:
1. The model was trained on the [StackSample (10% of StackOverFlow Q&A) data](https://www.kaggle.com/stackoverflow/stacksample). Only those questions with a score of over 5 were considered, giving a total of 93,153 questions. 
2. The model was first trained word2vec models (using gensim) to generate embedding vectors for both the questions and the tags.
3. The Word2Vec embedding model was used on tags to generate a lower dimensional (10D) representation of over 3000 tags, with the assumption that similar tags would cluster together. The embeddings ability to represent tags using a lower dimensional representation was verified by comparing 
10 nearest neighbours for each tag in embedding with a tag graph generated using tag co-occurance frequency and by visual verification using t-SNE plots on embedding.
4. A simple feed forward neural network was used to fit the question vector(generated by summing word-embedding for all the words in a question) to each of the corresponding tag vector.
5. Used a cosine triplet loss function to compare a positive and a negative tag vector with the model output.
6. The model achieved a Top 5 accuracy of 0.5 over the baseline of 0.42. The baseline model consisted of 5 most frequently used tags in the input.

The model is at the heart of the application, which was developed using HTML, CSS and Flask and dockerised. 
